Object hierarchy


World state
Purpose: ties together all of the other core objects
	Name str
	Regions dict{str: Region}
	Languages dict{str: Language}
	Governments dict{str: Government}
	Settlements dict{str:Settlement})

Region
Purpose: a geographic area that represents territories in close proximity to each other
Hardcoded, static container for other objects. Representative of real world geography.
Example: Essex
	Name str
	Society obj
	Government obj
	Settlements obj
	Dominant language string
	Minority languages string


Society
Purpose: define the classes of people present and their relationships, represents long-term social norms based on material conditions
Hardcoded, represented as metaphysical labels. Economy dynamics of a region can cause the region's society to switch (e.g increasing wealth for the merchant classes can cause a feudal state to become capitalist) 
Example: Western European feudalism
	Name str
	Classes obj
	Settlement population ratios constant
		City population ratio 
		Town population ratio 
		Village population ratio 
	Interaction rules constant
		City interaction rules
		Town interaction rules
		Village interaction rules
	Population refill default values map
		for each class
	Events obj
	Primary religion str

Government
Government types and policies are constrained by the ruling class. The ruling class is determined by economy dynamics and events. Regions are determined by events. State religions are constrained by government type and are changed by policies and events. Official and recognized languages are determined by events that are responsive to language dynamics. Base government authority value is determined by events.
Purpose: A political actor that can impose various restrictions and changes in the territory where it is present
	Name str
	Capital region obj
	Regions obj
	Ruling class str
	Government type str
	State religion str
	Official languages str
	Recognized languages str
	Policies dynamic modifier
	Base government authority value str
	Events obj

Settlement
Purpose: Represent a given community of people in a location
Size is dependent on the number of people, which can be changed by events and economy dynamics. Languages are determined by language dynamics. Available trades are constrained by the society and government of the region. Some unique trades may be added for flavor (e.g. fishers by the coast)
Example: London
	Name str
	Size str
	People obj
	Languages str
	Available trades map
		by class
	Events obj

Language
Purpose: Represent an average of mutually intelligible dialects
Instantiated with starting values at the beginning of the game, later determined as an average of dialect features. If dialects no longer pass certain mutual intelligibility checks (or due to certain government policies), a dialect may split and become its own language.
Example: English
	Name
	Dialects obj
	Lexicon map
	Word bag set
	Word ordering str
	Grammatic rules list
	Alphabets list
	Idioms list
	LFamily str
	Events obj
